I am Antonius Bauduin from the Netherlands.
I was born in “1820” in Dordrecht to a
French family. I studied medicine at the Utrecht
Army Military Medical School and the Utrecht
University School of Medicine, joined the
Dutch Army after graduation. In “1862”,
I came to Japan at the invitation of the Edo
Shogunate with the help of my younger brother
who served as Dutch Consul in Japan. I later
became the vice-principal of Nagasaki Nursery
School. Meanwhile, I spread knowledge of medicine
in Tokyo, Osaka, and Nagasaki, and strives
to enhance basic science education at the
nursery school. Upon a request from the shogunate,
I built a school of medical and science.
My Activities helped popularizing Dutch medicine
in Japan through nursery and medical schools,
I also enhanced the Japanese education system
for physics and chemistry. I was particularly
good at ophthalmology and introduced the first
ophthalmoscope in Japan. In addition, the
prescriptions of the stomachic medicine that
I brought to Japan was transmitted to the
Japanese have undergone my own improvement.
All of them have been changed in shape and
ingredients afterwards due to quality improvement
and drug price revision, but they are still
on the market until now.
In addition to being a doctor, I was also
active as a photographer. In “2011”, art
historian Flip Bool found an anonymous nineteenth-century
office notebook in an antiquarian bookshop
in Haarlem, which were probably taken by me.
Among the 56 cityscapes are the oldest known
shots of the garrison towns of Breda, Dalem,
Gorinchem, Leeuwarden, Venlo, Zierikzee and
Zutphen.
In “1870”, I worked at Osaka Temporary
School and Osaka Army Hospital. I later came
back to the Netherlands in “1873” until
my retirement in “1884” and died one year
later. The human life is the most valuable
thing in existence and I hope my efforts have
contributed in make better lives in Japan
and all over the world